hey everybody on brick crap so I have
John here with me and we were out at
Walmart and we found these cool dragons
defenders of Berk and it's like an egg
but you add it to water and it turns
into a dragon so we forgot to try this
out on the channel and the cool part
about it is if you watch How to Train
Your Dragon then you pretty much fell in
love with the Dragons and we have a one
in four chance of getting a stormfly
it's upside down you have to go for you
look you have a one in four chance of
getting stormfly meatlug um what is it
belch and barf yeah Belgium barf or
toothless originally or now originally
but I love I'll be fine if I got
toothless I'll be even more amazing if I
get stormfly that's a stress strain
um the other two I mean I won't probably
end up with one of the other two so I
want two things I love toothless you
know why because he reminds me of Zeus
if I had more videos of Zeus for you
guys you would understand John probably
agrees with me that he's just like Zeus
so all you need for this is some water
so we're gonna go ahead and open this do
I can just go to camera if you want to
well hold the camera go ahead just don't
get me on camera you're gonna head back
for this part well no they like to see
things getting open so okay here just
see it there the flight yeah so here see
I feel it dragon egg it's still on a rat
oh this is here are the instructions I'm
gonna put this back here this is pretty
cool you can kind of see my crafting my
little crafting the area here oh that's
very cool let's say remove
um so good get a shot of the
instructions here okay
it comes with uh obviously instructions
and the instructions are simple remove
rat drop egg into water that's all it
says it does not say how long it takes
good so let's see how long it takes them
I gotta remove the wrap I can feel it
please put in it
Wow so second Hank yeah but if I think
there's more wrap no no I think that's
it you do yeah I think you're just
supposed to put it in there like this
yeah if it doesn't work then this is
another plastic wrap yeah I think that's
dissolvable the water the plastic okay
so then drop it yet okay guys before we
drop it comment below uh yeah okay
before we drop it I want you to pause
the video right now in a comment section
tell us who you think it is that it's
going to be inside and we'll give you a
shout out in the next in next week's
video so um even if you're wrong
doesn't mean you could be wrong and
we'll still pick you we just want to
know your opinion so okay I've Duncan in
there
you
so guys we waited and waited and waited
and we figure that it's double
plastic-wrapped
yeah so I'm going to take off the other
plastic wrap and Szalai this into there
without trying not to get contact with
my eyes
okay so the dragon is finally out of the
egg I actually left it sit overnight
because it was kind of really late when
I did this video so I'm going to try to
get it out
let's see you guys can next here is the
dragon that I got this is a crunkle that
is called meat log I really wanted to
actually get toothless but I'll deal
with meat log so guys if you want to see
any more of these videos make sure you
give me a thumbs up and let me know in
the comment section if I should do this
one or some other kind of blind box
blinds anything and tell me where to get
those
thanks for watching guys I hope you
enjoyed the video see you next time